OSSM-6063 [DOC] OpenShift Service Mesh Console (OSSMC) plugin Integration (#88446)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-install-console-plugin-ocp-web-console.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/observability/kiali/ossm-console-plugin-assembly.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-install-console-plugin-ocp-web-console_{context}"]
= Installing {SMPluginShort} via {ocp-short-name} web console

You can install the {SMPlugin} using the {ocp-short-name} web console.

.Prerequisites

* You have the administrator access to the {ocp-short-name} web console.
* You have installed the {SMProduct} (OSSM).
* You have installed the `{istio}` control plane from OSSM 3.0.
* You have installed the {KialiServer} 2.4.

.Procedure

. Navigate to *Installed Operators*.

. Click *{KialiProduct}*.

. Click *Create instance* on the *{SMProductName} Console* tile. You can also click *Create OSSMConsole* button under the *{SMProduct} Console* tab.

. Use the *Create OSSMConsole* form to create an instance of the `OSSMConsole` custom resource (CR). *Name* and *Version* are the required fields.
+
[NOTE]
====

> The *Version* field must match with the `spec.version` field in your Kiali custom resource (CR). If *Version* value is the string `default`, the Kiali Operator installs {OSSMC} (OSSMC) with the same version as the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Version* field must match with the `spec.version` field in your Kiali custom resource (CR). If *Version* value is the string `default`, the Kiali Operator installs {OSSMC} (OSSMC) with the same version as the operator. Otherwise, the `spec.version` field requires the "v" prefix to the version number, and the version number must only include the major and minor version numbers (patch number must be omitted); for example: `v1.73`.
```

====

. Click *Create*.

> . To use the {SMPluginShort}, refresh the web console.

Reviewer: I think these two steps should be within a verification section, following the same format as the uninstall process.
```suggestion
.Verification

. Wait until the web console notifies you that the {SMPluginShort} is installed and prompts you to refresh.

. Verify that the *{SMProductShortName}* category is added in the main {ocp-short-name} web console navigation.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/observability/kiali/ossm-console-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-install-console-plugin-ocp-web-console_{context}"]
= Installing {SMPluginShort} by using the {ocp-product-title} web console

> You can install the {SMPlugin} by using the {ocp-short-name} web console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can install the {SMPlugin} by using the {ocp-product-title} web console.
```

.Prerequisites

* You have the administrator access to the {ocp-short-name} web console.
* You have installed the {SMProduct} (OSSM).
* You have installed the `{istio}` control plane from OSSM 3.0.
* You have installed the {KialiServer} 2.4.

.Procedure

. Navigate to *Installed Operators*.

. Click *{KialiProduct}*.

. Click *Create instance* on the *{SMProductName} Console* tile. You can also click *Create OSSMConsole* button under the *{SMProduct} Console* tab.

. Use the *Create OSSMConsole* form to create an instance of the `OSSMConsole` custom resource (CR). *Name* and *Version* are the required fields.
+
[NOTE]
====
The *Version* field must match with the `spec.version` field in your Kiali custom resource (CR). If *Version* value is the string `default`, the Kiali Operator installs {ossmc-full} (OSSMC) with the same version as the operator. The `spec.version` field requires the `v` prefix in the version number. The version number must only include the major and minor version numbers (not the patch number); for example: `v1.73`.
====

. Click *Create*.

.Verification

. Wait until the web console notifies you that the {SMPluginShort} is installed and prompts you to refresh.

> . Verify that the *{SMProductShortName}* category is added in the main {ocp-short-name} web console navigation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Verify that the *{SMProductShortName}* category is added in the main {ocp-product-title} web console navigation.
```
